I won, Miss Mu is really smart
Only you found the flaw.
When Zhao Si hit with all his strength
Unable to respond
Miss Mu's life to death
Brought us a great game
Then please
fulfill the bet
Disband Dongying
guarantee
Later in the building
There will never be any martial arts casinos
I will naturally use the bet
But Miss Mu
Should you take care of yourself first?
You're an arrow through your heart.
I let you down.
My heart
Born to be the opposite
Sure enough, Miss Mu is still superior.
I'm afraid Miss Mu's reputation
It's already ringing all over the streets
What do you mean?
Shocking underground gambling rights
Take money with your life
Mutilation and temptation organ search
Isn't this all the videos of me and Dongying's game?
Why did you wear it to the underground casino?
You see
A lot of people are betting now.
There are billions of people
From the first time you played Songdo
Already have
This was clearly orchestrated
orchestrate
What do you mean?
From the first time you challenge a spiritual person
It has already fallen into his fist